                              ==Phrack Inc.==

                Volume 0x10, Issue 0x46, Phile #0x01 of 0x0f

|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=-------------------------=[ Introduction ]=----------------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=----------------------=[    Phrack Staff    ]=-------------------------=|
|=-----------------------=[ staff@phrack.org ]=--------------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|
|=-----------------------[   October 5, 2021  ]=-------------------------=|
|=-----------------------------------------------------------------------=|


--[ Introduction

Phrack! We're back! It was only five years ago that issue 0x45 was
released. It may sound bad, but it is also, indeed, quite bad. Issue 0x45
was released four years after issue 0x44. And we are now five years after
that. Just trying to set the context here. The world is so different and so
many things have happened in these five years that it makes no sense trying
to make any point. Phrack has always been a reflection of the hacking
community, and guess what, the community is moving away from itself. By
this we don't mean that there are no talented hackers, because there most
definitely are (just take a look at our authors). We also don't mean that
there is no exquisite public hacking, because there is (again, our articles
as proof). However, there is a clear move away from the collective hacking
mindset that was most prevalent in the past. The word "scene" brings only
smirks to people's faces. There are many reasons for this, and we are all
to blame [1].

So where is the community right now, and, most importantly, where is it
going?

We are all ego-driven, more so nowadays we would argue, and this has
definitely made collectives much harder to thrive. We expect direct payback
from our hacking, in many forms, including reputation. While it was quite
common to receive anonymous papers, in the past five years we got almost
none. Where is the new Malloc Maleficarum? Quality isn't the question here,
we have high quality hacking, we covered that. The question is about the
community and how it has changed in the last 10-15 years. And about Phrack.

Phrack started as a community zine of exchanging technical information and
hacking techniques in a time that it was hard to find it. It later changed.
It became a symbol of achievement, eliteness, and honor to be published in
Phrack. A slight but significant change happened afterwards. Phrack
gravitated (willingly or not is the subject of another discussion) towards
an academic medium. Academia noticed the high quality of Phrack papers,
started citing them, and basing their offensive and defensive work on them.
Did that alienate the underground that Phrack represented for so many
years? Yes, we think it did. But the underground also changed. Some of it
became involved in malware, spyware, and also the "infosec" industry. And
this mutated the underground. Of course we don't judge. Shouldn't Phrack be
the reflection of the community, whatever the community is? Or should
Phrack be a beacon of the old school underground? Well, it remains to be
seen. Phrack will always be alive as long as the community is alive,
reflecting it. If the hacking community becomes "infosec" in its majority,
then probably so will Phrack. If the heart of the community is CTF, Phrack 
will reflect that. If the community focuses on malware, so will Phrack. 
Isn't that what Phrack has always done? It always was and always will be 
"by the community, for the community". If the community has decided that 
Phrack has a five year release cycle, then that's where we are.

Unfortunately, this issue is again an issue of eulogies; we have lost
hackers that have had an enormous impact on our community. Phrack would
like to say goodbye to them. Their loss saddens us deeply, and makes our
community poorer in talent, ethics, and intellect. We also mourn lost
communities. Segfault.net has been our home/hosting in the past and is now
gone.

But we also have some good news! You might have come across Phrack
merchandise [2], well, yes, we have resurrected it! The original 2003 art
work has been found on a backup drive. All profits go to the Electronic
Frontier Foundation. The EFF is a rare example of good and simple advise
for the ordinary citizens. Plus a defender of our rights online and of the
freedom of information. A beacon of light to say the least. The EFF used to
run one of the three FTP servers to download Phrack as well. And let's not
forget that the EFF paid for the attorney of Phrack's co-founder Knight
Lightning in the 1990 court case and supported him all the way. They
defended against the US Secret Service, a ruthless adversary with no
respect for the freedom of information or the hacking scene in general.
With EFF's help the case against Knight Lighting collapsed and the US
Secret Service looked like a pissed on poodle.

The merchandise has the Phrack Gnome on the front and the Hacker's
Manifesto on the back. And ships worldwide.

[1] http://www.phrack.org/issues/69/6.html
[2] https://phrack.myspreadshop.co.uk/


$ cat p70/index.txt

--[ Table of contents

  0x01  Introduction ........................................ Phrack Staff

  0x02  Phrack Prophile on xerub ............................ Phrack Staff

  0x03  Attacking JavaScript Engines: A case study of
        JavaScriptCore and CVE-2016-4622 .................... saelo

  0x04  Cyber Grand Shellphish .............................. Team
                                                              Shellphish

  0x05  VM escape - QEMU Case Study ......................... Mehdi Talbi &
                                                              Paul Fariello

  0x06  .NET Instrumentation via MSIL bytecode injection .... Antonio
                                                              's4tan'
                                                              Parata
                                                              
  0x07  Twenty years of Escaping the Java Sandbox ........... Ieu Eauvidoum
                                                              & disk noise

  0x08  Viewer Discretion Advised: (De)coding an iOS
        Kernel Vulnerability ................................ Adam
                                                              Donenfeld

  0x09  Exploiting Logic Bugs in JavaScript JIT Engines ..... saelo

  0x0a  Hypervisor Necromancy; Reanimating Kernel
        Protectors .......................................... Aris Thallas

  0x0b  Tale of two hypervisor bugs - Escaping from
        FreeBSD bhyve ....................................... Reno Robert

  0x0c  The Bear in the Arena ............................... xerub

  0x0d  Exploiting a Format String Bug in Solaris CDE ....... Marco Ivaldi

  0x0e  Segfault.net eulogy ................................. skyper

  0x0f  YouTube Security Scene .............................. LiveOverflow


--[ Greetz

    - dakami:             pure passion for hacking, will be greatly missed
    - navs:               our condolences for this brilliant hacker
    
    - accepted authors:   thanks for your work, you keep Phrack alive
    - rejected authors:   we hope our reviews helped you in some way


    - past Phrack Staff members:      now we know ;)


--[ Phrack policy

phrack:~# head -77 /usr/include/std-disclaimer.h
/*
 *  All information in Phrack Magazine is, to the best of the ability of
 *  the editors and contributors, truthful and accurate.  When possible,
 *  all facts are checked, all code is compiled.  However, we are not
 *  omniscient (hell, we don't even get paid).  It is entirely possible
 *  something contained within this publication is incorrect in some way.
 *  If this is the case, please drop us some email so that we can correct
 *  it in a future issue.
 *
 *
 *  Also, keep in mind that Phrack Magazine accepts no responsibility for
 *  the entirely stupid (or illegal) things people may do with the
 *  information contained herein.  Phrack is a compendium of knowledge,
 *  wisdom, wit, and sass.  We neither advocate, condone nor participate
 *  in any sort of illicit behavior.  But we will sit back and watch.
 *
 *
 *  Lastly, it bears mentioning that the opinions that may be expressed in
 *  the articles of Phrack Magazine are intellectual property of their
 *  authors.
 *  These opinions do not necessarily represent those of the Phrack Staff.
 */


                      ----( Contact )----

       <  Editors           : staff[at]phrack{dot}org   >
       >  Submissions       : staff[at]phrack{dot}org   <


    Submissions may be encrypted with the following PGP key:

    (Hint #1: Always use the PGP key from the latest issue)
    (Hint #2: ANTISPAM in the subject or face the mighty /dev/null demon)


-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: PHRACK
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=vq07
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----


|=[ EOF ]=---------------------------------------------------------------=|
